Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hot dogs, not so hot dogs!
Cold and droopy!
Fried dough!
America's worst legal food!
Never leaves your body!
The Truth in Boardwalking Law
has really done a number on this place.
Shoot an oversized basketball
into an undersized hoop!
It's impossible!
The prizes have been here for 50 years!
Maybe we should just check out
the street performers.
Big deal!
I could juggle six pins
if they let me use a unicycle.
Well, if you think it's too easy,
why don't you throw me
something else?
Are you insane?
You can't throw a little boy
into my cascade.
Stop tossing kids!
Man, I love Saturdays.
Finally, I can have fun
with something I bought for myself!
A new water heater.
Almost there.
Five more water heaters,
and we get a free water heater!
A mysterious door.
It's like a sauna in here.
It is a sauna, in here.
Must have been put in
by a previous owner.
This house is full of surprises,
but this is the first good one.
I can't wait to tell everyone.
This is great, honey.
Thanks for telling me about it.
I hope you don't mind
I invited Lenny.
And I hope you don't mind
I invited Carl and Moe.
My invitation didn't say nothing
about no towels,
so, I guess we should all
just go Scandinavian.
Maybe I'll keep this to myself
for a while.
Lamb kebab!
Chicken kebab!
Fire kebab!
- Dad, no!
- Dad, yes!
Water!
Why...
you...
little...
Burn, Barty, burn!
His tongue will be in that cast
for a few weeks.
It may put something of a cramp
in your lovemaking.
No, it won't... if he wants me
to do something, he'll write it down.
What does it say?
Is it complimentary?
Yeah, sure, it's complimentary.
It is? Hey, everybody,
check out my compliment!
How would you like me to remove it?
Yanky or peely?
Got it.
I held up two for "peely"!
I thought that was
a "Y," for "Yanky."
I'll make a note in your chart
that you aren't always clear.
At least I can eat again.
Cherry.
Too much cherry!
Lemon.
That'll stop the cherry.
Why is this happening to me?
Well, I do have an idea,
but just to be sure,
let's run some expensive tests.
The fire burned off
your old taste buds,
exposing new ones.
That'll be our Christmas card,
this year.
Homer, you've become a super-taster.
The mildest spices will
overwhelm your tongue.
Even a taco could drive you insane.
I can't eat tacos?
Oh, my God.
What day of Mayo is it?
Cinco.
Try these beets.
I boiled all the red out.
I still taste overtones of pink!
Dad, I got the perfect thing.
It feels like food,
but it has no flavor whatsoever!
It's mac and cheese
from the school cafeteria.
The blandest food known to man.
- What else do they got?
- Tofu cubes, tidy Joes,
chili con cottage cheese,
pecan blandies,
cream of steam, you guess 'ems...
Who comes up with this stuff?
Old comedy writers
who now have to work at our kitchen.
The one rule we had
on Charles in charge,
is Charles must always be in charge.
- That makes sense to me.
- Good rule.
Lunch card.
- Lunch card.
- Don't have one.
What are you doing here?
Son, from now on, I'm eating
all my meals here at school...
with you!
What? No!
Come on, relax.
I won't embarrass you.
$3.85.
Can I work it off?
Don't worry, I won't embarrass you.
I'll start you on Jell-O.
I'm big and yellow
and I'm servin' Jell-O.
If you're a fellow
and you want some Jell-O,
you better bellow
"Hey, big guy, give me some Jell-O."
No Jell-O for you, Bart.
It'll keep you up at night.
Like last week when you crawled
into bed with me and Mommy.
Sure is hot back here.
And there we go.
Don't worry, I won't embarrass you.
I used to date your daughter.
Buddy, I'm here to eat,
not make interesting conversation.
Dad, do you have to hang out
at my school?
It's bad enough I have to be here
three days a week.
Well, I know when I'm not wanted.
Am I wanted?
Hi, Homer Simpson.
Mind if I sit near your son? Mine sucks.
We certainly are proud of Noah.
He's a straight-A student.
Noah, state capitals:
alphabetical order, on my clap!
Albany! Annapolis!
Atlanta! Augusta!
Austin! Baton Rouge!
Bismarck! Boise! Boston!
Capital City! Carson City!
He's terrified of you.
That's why I'm here:
to make sure he gets good grades.
You come to school
to help him get good grades?
Isn't that why we pay school teachers
those enormous salaries?
Well, call me over-involved,
but someday,
your son will be my son's chauffeur.
Well, I hope your son enjoys
being driven around
by the president
of the United States.
Really? What the future president's
doing right now.
You don't see many
presidents doing that.
Maybe L.B.J. at the end.
It's not your son's fault,
it's yours.
You have to hover over
your kid's shoulder
to force him to succeed.
It's "helicopter parenting."
I don't have to "helicopter" Bart.
I've got a backup plan
called "Lisa."
Right, your second grader.
Sure, she's smart,
but how can she be successful
if she's not popular?
Do you mind if I join you?
That depends.
What are you eating?
Baked potato, side salad and a...
Well, we're having cold shoulder.
Is this seat taken?
No, go ahead, take it.
Take it way over there.
My God!
My son's a loser
and my daughter's a loner!
Way to go, Marge!
Where have you been?
No time. I'll deduce where you were
from a list of possibilities in my head.
That makes sense.
Moving on.
If we don't get more
involved in their lives,
Bart and Lisa are gonna be failures.
Failures who work for...
Noah!
"Noah." I like that name.
Don't you usually worries
about stuff?
Do I?
If Marge doesn't
worry about the kids,
then that leaves...
me!
Help me, mayonnaise!
Look at all
these helicopter parents.
I hope Bart's doing okay on his own.
There's no future in that!
Don't forget,
Monday is the balsa-wood
model-building competion.
The American Balsa Council
will award this year's winner
a $1,000 savings bond
for their college education.
A thousand dollars?!
That's what my house is worth!
Simpsons, what will you be making?
I don't know.
Time to take control
of my son's life.
Let's see.
What can he build?
Too obvious.
Got to be something from Earth.
You're no help.
Perfect!
"The Washington Monument"?
Washington Monument.
I like Bart's idea.
- You're not in this class.
- Willie swept me in here.
My mistake.
I did it! I helped my son!
Helicopter Homer away!
Black Hawk down!
I found this book
in the "What's Wrong With My Daughter"
section of the bookstore.
It tells you
how you can get popular.
If I join a clique,
I'll be the kind of person I hate.
Sweetie, our country was founded
by a clique:
the Continental Congress.
Dolphins swim in cliques.
Those are my two examples.
They are good ones.
And to show you how this book works,
I will demonstrate on some rats.
Let's try what chapter seven
calls "Un-sults,"
insults disguised as compliments.
It takes a lot of courage
to wear suspenders
when you're not in the circus.
That's very nice of you...
You saying my clothes
are clown-like?
I feel so insecure.
Please be my friend.
See, it works.
And un-sults are just the beginning.
There's also envy-tations,
hate-hugs,
spamming with faint praise and...
Everyone,
want to go get frozen yogurt?
I do!
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean "everyone" everyone.
Hope you don't mind.
That's all right.
If I didn't sell booze,
they probably wouldn't even
come here!
And that, my dear girl,
is called the Toledo Take-back.
I don't want
to hurt people's feelings.
I see.
Maybe you're not ready
for this book.
It is more of a big girl thing.
I'm a big girl!
One of you said something bad
about the other.
- He did?
Son, you buy an awful lot
of airplane glue,
but you never buy any models.
Right, models.
One Messerschmitt M.E. 262,
a'67 S. G. T. O,
an Alfred E. Neuman
with interchangeable arms...
We'd like some balsa wood, please.
Enough to build
a Washington Monument.
- What scale are you using?
- What cologne are you wearing?
None of your business!
Now we'd like our Washington Monument
to be 1/500 the size
of the real one.
Washington Monument?
- Aren't you going to even try?
- What do you mean?
- And who are you?
- I'm your son's principal.
And the Washington Monument is the most
uninspired model choice there is.
It's like saying, "I don't care.
- "My kid's a loser."
- But...
What's the hardest model there is?
That would be Westminster Abbey.
Attention parents, children
and childless weirdoes!
My son and I are going to build...
Westminster Abbey!
- You've got to be crazy!
- Prepare to be frustrated!
You won't get past
the north transept!
How hard can it be? All we have to do
is follow the directions.
Marge, the boy and I will be
making Westminster Abbey.
Blabby's gonna build an Abbey.
Groovy.
But first, as part
of Operation Popularity,
Lisa and I are hosting
a decorate-your-own-cell-phone party
in the back yard.
They're here!
Where's my spray-on tan?
"Ant poison"?
Why do I always read
the labels after?
Ladies, we've got it all.
Rhinestones, stickers, tassels...
Everything to make those
hundred-dollar phones
look like five-dollar toys.
- This party is twisted!
- You're fierce!
I've never been called
"fierce" before.
"Strident." "Hectoring"
has been tossed around.
Let me take a picture of you
for my cell phone.
I'll put you on my desktop!
I'm going to make you
my friend on Facebook. Please confirm.
Confirm.
I am such a great parent
to both my kids.
Hello, little girl.
Who do you belong to?
Boy, why don't I do that for you?
Isn't this supposed
to be my project?
All the other parents are doing it
for their kids.
Now stand back
and I'll take it from here.
A little further back.
- Do you want me to watch and learn?
- Naw, that kind of creeps me out.
Must finish Poet's Corner
or Bart will work for Noah
with his hot mom.
That's not Henry the Seventh,
it's Henry the Sixth!
Stupid, stupid, stupid!
Don't give up till you finish
my dear Abbey.
Geoffrey Chaucer?!
- What are you doing here?
- Well, I'm buried here.
And I want to tell you,
you're right to do all his for him.
It's the best thing for the boy.
That's terrible advice.
Anne of Cleves!
What you do for your son,
he'll never learn to do for himself.
And where is this delightful boy?
Oscar Wilde?
There are only
two tragedies in life:
one is not getting what one wants,
and the other is getting it.
But that makes no sense.
"Experience is simply the name
we give to our mistakes."
Shut up!
These days,
man knows the price of everything
and the value of nothing.
Whatever happened to "boo?"
Now we could smash
the real Westminster Abbey
it looks like this.
There are no flights
to London till 5:00.
Welcome to Springfield
Elementary's Next Top Model...
building contest.
- He said your show.
- I watched it once!
Now, judges, start your nodding.
Flawless. Stunning.
Awe-inspiring. Meticulous.
These models are clearly the work
of meddling parents.
The only entry that repels
my eye enough to be constructed
by a student is this one.
Congratulations, son.
At least you followed the rules.
In your face, losers!
This helicopter is taking off!
Stop the hovering!
I didn't make this terrible model.
My dad did.
Why can't you guys let us
do things for ourselves?
In the words of Oscar Wilde,
"Experience is simply the name
we give to our mistakes."
I saw him too, Dad.
I'm sorry.
I got carried away.
From now on, the only thing
I'll ever do for you
is cosign if you want a gun.
At least I made Lisa popular.
"I H-8 this?"
I'm sorry, Dad.
These girls are nice on the surface,
but it's hard work
staying this shallow.
I hope you understand.
It's clear to me now.
The best thing I can do
as a parent is simply check out.
There's a middle ground.
A light bulb is either on
or it's off.
Not if you use a dimmer switch.
That's what the dimmer switch companies
want you to think.
What's wrong?
I tried to fix the kids' lives,
but instead I led them to rich
and rewarding personal decisions
of their own.
Well, I know a place in this house
where you can really relax.
The mattress the dog sleeps
on in the cellar?
No, I gave that
to the homeless shelter.
It was stuffed with cash!
I'll make you forget all about it.
Feeling better, Super Dad?
I feel like I've died
and gone to Hell.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org